So far, we have covered how to prepare
features and train different machine learning models.
In practice, we often need to explore both
the number of algorithms as well as their parameter combinations.
Spark allows Hyperparameter tuning through both a single train validation split,
as well as through k-fold cross-validation.
We can tune a single estimator or whole pipeline.
We just need to specify two additional objects.
The first is the Parameter Grid we would like to explore.
The second is the Evaluator.
The Evaluator as its name suggests,
defines the metric we were used to evaluate the results on the test set.
It's worth noting that after identifying
the best parameter combination using the built-in cross validation methods,
Spark fix the estimator using this best parameter map and the entire dataset.
Up until Version 2.3, the models corresponding to different points on
the perimeter grid are trained sequentially,
which might be inefficient even when for the training for
a single model is distributed across the cluster.
Starting from version 2.3,
models can be trained and evaluated in parallel.
This way better utilizing the available resources.
Serial training will still be the default configuration at least initially,
but this behavior now can be changed through the parallelism parameter.